Adding agent obfuscation for traces guide (#4551)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/agent-obfuscation.md

---
title: Agent Trace Obfuscation
kind: guide
private: true
disable_toc: true
---

Agent trace obfuscation is disabled by default. Enable it in your `datadog.yaml` configuration file to obfuscate all information attached to your traces.

Currently this options only works with the following services:

* `mongodb`
* `elasticsearch`
* `redis`
* `memcached`
* `http`
* `remove_stack_traces`

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "MongoDB" %}}

Applies to spans of type `mongodb`, more specifically: to the `mongodb.query` span metadata.

```
apm_config:
  enabled: true

  ## (...)

  obfuscation:
    mongodb:
      enabled: true
      keep_values:
        - uid
        - cat_id
```

> * `keep_values` are a set of keys from which the values are not obfuscated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `keep_values` - define a set of keys to exclude from agent trace obfuscation.
```
another passive voice that I think makes it unclear, so making it active for clarity.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "ElasticSearch" %}}

Applies to spans of type `elasticsearch`, more specifically, to the `elasticsearch.body` span metadata:

```
apm_config:
  enabled: true

  ## (...)

  obfuscation:
    elasticsearch:
      enabled: true
      keep_values:
        - user_id
        - category_id
```

> * `keep_values` are a set of keys from which the values are not obfuscated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `keep_values` - define a set of keys to exclude from agent trace obfuscation.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest simplifying this to:
```
defines a set of keys to exclude from obfuscation
```
The term `Agent trace obfuscation` sounds confusing and I wouldn't know what it means as a developer reading this.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Redis" %}}

Applies to spans of type `redis`, more specifically, to the `redis.raw_command` span metadata:

```
apm_config:
  enabled: true

  ## (...)

  obfuscation:
    redis:
      enabled: true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "MemCached" %}}

Applies to spans of type `memcached`, more specifically, to the `memcached.command` span metadata:

```
apm_config:
  enabled: true

  ## (...)

  obfuscation:
    memcached:
      enabled: true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Http" %}}

HTTP obfuscation rules for `http.url` metadata in spans of type `http`:

```
apm_config:
  enabled: true

  ## (...)

  obfuscation:
    http:
      remove_query_string: true
      remove_paths_with_digits: true
```

> * `remove_query_string`: If true, query strings in URLs are obfuscated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `remove_query_string`: If true, obfuscates query strings in URLs.
```

suggested rearrangement to make it active voice because I think it makes it more clear
